\section{Experiment}
First, we formulate a constrained problem as searching the optimal stacking
sequence of cross ply laminate under in-plane loading whose strength ratio is
not less than 2.  Each lamina dimensions $1000 \times 1000 \times 0.165 mm^3$
is adopted in this experiment , each graphite/epoxy  and glass/epoxy layer is
assumed to cost 2.5 and 1 monetary units, respectively. The other material
properties are shown in Table \ref{tab:mat}. 


\subsection{Problem formulation}

In the present experiment, the optimal composite sequences, and number of
layers for a targeted strength ratio under in-plane loading conditions is
investigated.  The aim is to minimize the mass of a laminate composite for a
targeted strength ratio based on the Tsai-wu failure theory. The design
variable are the ply angles and the number of layers.  Ply orientation
restricted to a discrete set of angles ($0, \text{ and } 90 \text{ degrees} $).
The problem can be formulated as the following equation

Find: $\{\theta_k, n\}$ $\theta_k \in \{ 0,90\}$

Minimize: weight

Subject to: strength ratio


\subsection{GA Operation}

\input{fig/ga_operator.tex}
In the present study, floating encoding is adopted in current study, Figure
\ref{GA:operator}(a) shows two parents $P_1$ and $P_2$ which represent two
cross ply laminates, the corresponding cross ply laminates lay-ups are
$[0_3/90_7]$ and $[0_6/90_4]$, respectively. Figure \ref{GA:operator} (b) shows
two offspring of parents $P_1$ and $P_2$ which are consist of half of each
parents chromosome.

Fig \ref{GA:operator} shows the mutation operations which consists of
chromosome length mutation and gene mutation. For the chromosome length
mutation, calculate the chromosome's strength ratio based on its sequence, if
its strength ratio is less than threshold, then increase its length. A length
mutation coefficient $lmc$ is introdued to adjust the length mutation.  As
shown in figure \ref{GA:operator}(b), the strength ratio of $O_1$ chromosome is
0.0854, and the strength ratio threshold is 2. Suppose the length mutation
coefficient($lmc$) is 2, then the correspond increasing length is $2
\times(2-0.0854)$. For the gene mutation, randomly swap the gene from
0 to 90 in the chromosome, or the otherwise.


\subsection{GA Parameters}
Table \ref{tab:ga} shows related GA parameters. The population is 40, 50
percent is selected as the parent, so the parent population is 20. As shown in figure \ref{fig:group},
, the percentage of active individuals from active group, potential
individuals from potential group, and proper group from proper individual are
0.3, 0.3, and 0.4, respectively. which means the number of active individuals,
potential individuals, and proper individuals are 6, 6, and 8, respectively.

\begin{figure}[!htb]
	\centering
	\includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{fig/percentage_of_groups}
	\caption{Percentage of active individuals from active group, potential
	  individuals from potential group, and proper individuals from proper group
	 in parent population}
	\label{fig:group}
\end{figure}

\input{table/ga_parameters.tex}

